Earth Cloud Group
Isn't the Dragon Palace always supporting you?
If this offends the Earth Cloud Group
Blame our Ye family
How can that be?
Ye Wanting, look at your good husband
Master Shen is just an ordinary person
How could he have gone to Earth Cloud Group?
Steal something so valuable
Master Shen is because of me
Just got involved in this unforgettable disaster
He was grandpa's benefactor.
I can't put him in danger
Young Master Qin, for the sake of the friendship between our two families
Now this treasure, we will return it in full
Please don't disturb the extremes of hell
Don't hurt the abyss
Actually, this thing?
It's not that hard
As long as we are a family
Everything is negotiable, what do you think?
OK
I promised to marry into Clearance
This is what you said, monitor
I don't agree with that.
Shen Yan, I'm sorry.
I didn't think of it either.
Things will turn out the way they are today
So I just play the piano
To protect you
And here I am today.
No one can touch you boy
No tears without seeing the coffin, right?
Let's go
Hey you
You call someone
I'd like to see it
Who from Diyun Group dares to stand up for you?